README.md, before:

# vote4bryantcrisp
Mayoral Campaign static Next.js/ React website, using Tailwind. 

## Contact Form Email Setup

To enable the contact form to send emails, you must set up email credentials in a `.env.local` file in the project root. The form will not send emails until these are configured.

Add the following variables to your `.env.local` file:

```
SMTP_HOST=your_smtp_host
SMTP_PORT=your_smtp_port
SMTP_SECURE=true_or_false
SMTP_USER=your_smtp_username
SMTP_PASS=your_smtp_password
CONTACT_TO_EMAIL=bryant@email.com
```

Replace the values with your actual SMTP provider details and Bryant's email address. After updating, restart the development server. 

## Volunteer Form Setup

The Volunteer page (`pages/volunteer.js`) currently uses a placeholder embedded Google Form. When Bryant is ready, create a Google Form with the required fields (Name, Email, Phone, Volunteering Preference) and copy the embed link from Google Forms.

**To update the form:**
1. Replace the `src` attribute in the `<iframe>` in `pages/volunteer.js` with Bryant's actual Google Form embed link.
2. This will allow all volunteer responses to be collected in Bryant's Google account for easy access and management.

Commit message:

Adds donate and volunteer functionality

README.md, after:

# vote4bryantcrisp
Mayoral Campaign static Next.js/ React website, using Tailwind. 

## Contact Form Email Setup

To enable the contact form to send emails, you must set up email credentials in a `.env.local` file in the project root. The form will not send emails until these are configured.

Add the following variables to your `.env.local` file:

```
SMTP_HOST=your_smtp_host
SMTP_PORT=your_smtp_port
SMTP_SECURE=true_or_false
SMTP_USER=your_smtp_username
SMTP_PASS=your_smtp_password
CONTACT_TO_EMAIL=bryant@email.com
```

Replace the values with your actual SMTP provider details and Bryant's email address. After updating, restart the development server. 

## Volunteer Form Setup

The Volunteer page (`pages/volunteer.js`) currently uses a placeholder embedded Google Form. When Bryant is ready, create a Google Form with the required fields (Name, Email, Phone, Volunteering Preference) and copy the embed link from Google Forms.

**To update the form:**
1. Replace the `src` attribute in the `<iframe>` in `pages/volunteer.js` with Bryant's actual Google Form embed link.
2. This will allow all volunteer responses to be collected in Bryant's Google account for easy access and management.

## Donate Page Setup

The Donate page (`pages/donate.js`) currently uses a placeholder link/button for ActBlue. When Bryant is ready, replace the `href` in the Donate button (or embed the ActBlue widget) with Bryant's actual ActBlue donation link or embed code.

**To update the Donate page:**
1. Replace the `href` attribute in the `<a>` tag in `pages/donate.js` with Bryant's real ActBlue donation link, or embed the ActBlue widget as needed.
2. This will allow supporters to donate directly to Bryant's campaign via ActBlue. 

## Facebook Feed Setup

The homepage (`pages/index.js`) includes a placeholder Facebook Page Plugin iframe under the "Meet Bryant Crisp" section. For production, update the `src` attribute in the `<iframe>` with the real campaign Facebook page URL using the [Facebook Page Plugin Configurator](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/page-plugin/).

**To update the Facebook Feed:**
1. Go to the Facebook Page Plugin Configurator and enter the campaign's Facebook page URL.
2. Copy the generated iframe code and replace the `src` in `pages/index.js`.
3. This will display the live campaign Facebook feed on the homepage.
